---
title: Gdkkn
layout: post
author: mikkel.hughes
permalink: /gdkkn/
source-id: 1nwwfK2Kl-MwyD6QZubjRaXX85MzQ5GCneLbMBceBVcs
published: true
---
<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Title</td>
    <td>Gdkkn!</td>
    <td>    Date</td>
    <td>12/09/2018</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Starting Point:</td>
    <td>Looking at the word Gdkkn.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Target for this Lesson</td>
    <td>To find out what Gdkkn means.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Did I reach my target? </td>
    <td>Yes, I was the first to figure it out.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


<table>
  <tr>
    <td>Lesson Review</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What strategies were effective?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>At the start of the lesson, Mr Keen put the word Gdkkn! on the board. Everyone went on Google Classroom and typed it in. After putting the word in Google Classroom and it saying that wasn't a Google Classroom code a few times, Mr Keen said "Why’s everybody going on Google Classroom". I then looked at the word Gdkkn!. It had two k’s where the l’s are in the word Hello. I then assumed that it said hello. I put my hand up and when Mr Keen asked me what I thought it was I said “Is it the word hello put in a Caesar Cypher?” I said Caesar Cypher because that’s one of the only cyphers I know. He then said “Someone’s already got it.”. Later, three people found out that it was hello. They asked him if it was hello and he said “Yes, but he got it first.” (he was pointing to me when he said 'he got it first.’.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What limited my learning? Which habits do I need to work on?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Nothing really did limit my learning today. I don’t know what habits I need to work on yet.</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>What will I change for next time? How will I improve my learning?</td>
  </tr>
  <tr>
    <td>Next time I will not assume that any word on the board is a Google Classroom code. I will improve my learning by persevering.</td>
  </tr>
</table>


